Hey, what's up everybody? Jeremiah here.
I want to talk about OpenClaw or as it
was called Moltbot a couple weeks ago or
as it was called Claudebot. What is
this? Why is it important? And what has
changed in the world of AI and agents?
I'm telling you this, everything is
progressing faster than we all could
have imagined when it comes to AI agents
getting things going and what they can
do for us. The difference maker with
OpenClaw is that it can literally take
control of your computer and other
computers if you give it access to I
literally have it on my network here in
my house being able to access my Windows
computer, my MacBook. Um, and it just
logs in through its own command line to
be able to do stuff on multiple
machines. I can set up multiple other
bots and agents. I have 14 agents right
now that are working for me. They're
building a teleaalth company for my my
client Sandy Kowski. They're building a
couple businesses for myself and some
ideas and they're creating content for
my business. Something that I just
created. This is
kind of a beta thing and I I'm
announcing it right now here on this
training. I just want to show you this
is actually I want to be able to set up
for you and be able to help you to
launch your own uh OpenClaw agents, your
own virtual employee 24/7. Now, this is
not live right now. Um it's at
openclaw.jeremiacowski.com.
You can actually join the weight list
for this. Um and we're and we're
planning this out and we're coming up
with all the right ways to do this. How
do we launch this securely? Make sure
that it's secure for everybody. We want
to make sure that it's trained on doing
business as well, a virtual employee.
But what is open claw overall? Let me
tell you this. Anybody could set up an
open claw. And I'm going to show you on
this video how you can set one up
yourself and and how it works. Um, but
if you want me to kind of create one for
you that is trained and set up for you.
You can join the weight list here. You
can also send me a DM and you could skip
the line uh to be able to do something
like that by sending me a DM on online.
And I had a lady send me a message about
setting up something in an office uh I
thought was pretty cool about doing
something like that for her team. I've
already set a couple up for different
clients as well already. So what is
OpenClaw? Again, it's an AI agent. It's
based on any algorithm of AI that you
can use. Uh Anthropics Claude, I use
Claude because I think it's really one
of the best that's out there for this
Claude Opus 4.6.
And it takes the traditional chatbot
version of AI and it turns it on its
head where it literally
is able to do stuff. It has an unlimited
memory. That's the huge part about it.
It remembers everything and it can log
into things if you give it access. It
can literally do anything that a person
could do, a human being can do at a
computer besides say record video like
this. It's also not that great at say
editing video. One of my clients had
asked me that. But besides that, for
most of the stuff that I'm doing in my
business, I created an agent that can
write emails for one of my clients. We
trained it on all of their content, all
of the emails they've ever written, and
then had it inspect their social media
because they make daily social media
content every single day to create
emails every week that I can then
review, choose which ones are great, and
then send it to the client to see in
under 10 minutes, which is incredible.
The quality of the output is above and
beyond anything that I've ever seen.
Why? Because you're able to feed it so
much information. It's able to remember
workflows. And it's able to do complex
long form tasks. It can work for hours
on end to be able to produce an output
of some kind that we're looking for. And
so this is just it's incredible how this
works. Here's the recommendation when
using open claw. And I'm going to show
you how do I use my open claw. Well, I'm
going to show you an example right here.
I have a Slack account set up right
here. And in my Slack account, I have
multiple channels with different
OpenClaw agents that I talk to. And
there I even have sub agents on other
machines and things like that. Uh, one
other thing that I'm able to do, I'm
able to remote access in to my openclaw
machine that I have right here. I'm able
to actually remote into it using um a
tool called Jump Desktop. Let me show
you this. I'm going to pull this up on
the screen here. So, this is the Mac
that it's actually running on right
here. But I'm on my Windows computer
right now. And this is a remote desktop
version of that Mac I can take a look at
and I can see all the different stuff
that we're doing. And I can access it as
if I'm on it right now, which is really
cool. And by the way, that's one of the
things that I want to be able to set up
for people to be able to do with this
type of agent hosting. You'll be able to
log in either with a Linux machine or
the luxury version right here actually
is a full Mac experience that gives you
the ability to have that full Mac
experience which is awesome plus white
glove support right here by having this
concierge level which is really cool and
I want to offer that to people. You get
remote desktop access there um on that
level too. But that's what I'm able to
do is I'm able to log in remote desktop
with my agents if I need to do anything
on the computer. But most of the time I
can communicate with them through Slack.
So I have Slack right here. We're
working on a project. Um we're working
on a on a couple of different projects
right here, which is awesome. And so I
can access Slack from my cell phone as
well. I have the Slack app right here on
my phone. I can communicate with my
agents right here. I can I have uh the
remote desktop on my phone, all of that.
So, the idea is I'm able to access this
any way that I want to um on my desk
physically. I actually have a Mac Mini
that I picked up off of eBay. So, I
didn't buy a new Mac Mini. I actually
went over to eBay. This is this is the
process that I did, and I think this is
probably one of the one of the better
processes. I bought a M1 Mac Mini, which
is about 6 years old. Um, it's the M1
processor. You can get it for under
$300. An M1 Mac Mini. They're a little
bit larger, but they work great for
doing these OpenClaw agents, which is
awesome. So, you don't need a brand new
Mac Mini. You can I would just say at
least get an M1 processor. That's why I
looked up M1 Mac Mini. That's one of the
best ways to do it. You could also get
uh an 8 gigabyte Raspberry Pi 5, which
is right here. And that'll cost you
about $150. You can get a full system
and enclosure on Amazon as well to run
either a Linux or Windows machine right
here. Raspberry Pi is right here. This
is a whole kit that has storage and 8
gigs of RAM, and it's in a little box
right here with USB and all that. So,
you could also run your agents on one of
these machines as well. Uh, this doesn't
look like it has a storage one though.
That's the only issue. You want at least
8 gigs of RAM to run these. It's a
little bit difficult to run them on just
4 gigs of RAM. So, keep that in mind,
especially with browsers and things like
that. Here's one 179. So, you can either
order this off of Amazon, something like
this, one of these kits, get get this
set up on an 8 gig. They also sell a 16
gig model. This actually would work
great. Uh, but I think the easiest, best
experience is still going to come from
using a Mac. And so that's why I like
the Mac Mini. I like that. I also I was
running it for a couple weeks on my
MacBook Air. Now I have them off of my
MacBook Air and I have this back now
that I can use. The MacBook Air was just
running 24/7. The Mac Mini is over here
on my desk. By the way, sorry my desk is
a little bit messy, but it's right here.
This is the Mac Mini sitting right here
on my desk and it just sits there. it's
on 24/7 uh to be able to access these
agents, which is so so cool. Okay, I
also have a couple of agents in the
cloud as well. Um I was able to get some
cloud storage from a from a a server
site called Hzner right here. Um and I
what I did was I actually had my agents
research what the best way to set up a
VPS uh agent in the cloud was. And it it
showed me how to create an account right
here with Hner. And then it went and set
up multiple agents for me using um some
cloud uh basis storage. Basically cost
me like 10 bucks a month and I can have
three or four agents on each cloud
instance. Okay, so those are some
different ways to do that if you want to
set it up all yourself and do those
different types of things. Again, I
think Mac Mini is good. You don't want
it on your main machine.
You don't want to run it on your main
machine
and you want to make sure that you are
separating it out from all the main
normal stuff that you're doing in in
your life and your business. You don't
want to give it access to your email. I
would highly recommend against that.
Okay. Um certain services you might need
to log in with certain accounts. What I
do is I remote access in and I log in.
You could also give access to the agent
with tools like either Last Pass. You
could use LastPass or you could use
something like um uh what's it called?
Uh is it bit bit defender?
No, it's not Bit Defender. There's
there's something that that that my
agents found that's also a really great
like password storage thing so that I
could share different login or passwords
and accounts. The way that you want to
think about open claw is that it is its
own uh person or employee or thing that
can function on its own the same way
that like a human employee would. If you
brought an employee on in your business,
you would give them their own email
account. you would securely share
passwords with them. And so that's how I
think about it is it's the same kind of
thing with that. Now, here's the other
thing that you want. You don't want your
agent logging into like
sites that they can get prompt injected.
That's one of the issues. They could
read things in in email. They could read
stuff off of X. They could go to this
site called Moltbook, which is all these
agents that are talking and they and it
could get prompt injected that way. Now,
I'm not necessarily scared of that
because I'm not
using cheap uh language models with my
agent. I'm using Clawude Opus 4.6 using
a Claude Max account. So, if you set one
of these up, you're going to need to
have a Claude Max account of some kind
uh to do this. The the max plan on
Claude starts at $100, but you'll hit
that pretty quickly using one of these
agents. And so, yes, it might cost you
$200 a month to be able to run a couple
of agents using a Claude Max account
this way. Okay,
but what have I been able to do with
this? Way more than I can with my
virtual assistants. They can download
videos for me. They can upload them to
different platforms. They can process
all my content to give me bulletoint
lists and things like that. They can
create software tools that I can use to
build my business and to help my
clients. You know, one of the software
tools that we that we created was this
uh uh peptides platform here for Sandy
Kowski that we're that we're working on.
This is for members only, of course,
right here as part of what she's doing.
But we were able to build a HIPPA
compliant uh peptides platform. And so
this is amazing the ability that what
we've been able to do with OpenClaw to
be able to get this set up. Now, the way
that I use it is I just talk to it like
a person and I get into a conversation
with my agent where I'm telling it what
I want it to do, what I want it to
accomplish. I have it going through and
it has a project management board. It
has the ability to do project management
things. It has the ability to um tell me
what projects each day. It says what
it's working on. I have multiple agents
that are collaborating on different
projects that are working together and
they're talking just like real humans.
We have it set up inside of here where
the agents can literally talk back and
forth and they can share different
projects and different things that
they're working on and different ideas,
different things and structure and
different ways that they can help my
business. And I prompted them to do this
every single day where they're able to
do this. They work on my Facebook ads.
They I have a I have an agent that's a
mental health agent is one that's really
helpful. Even I have one that helps me
with stuff for client businesses. I have
one that helps me with all the tasks for
my coaching program, one that comes with
ideas for YouTube videos and things like
this. And so again, using these agents
is incredibly powerful to set one up.
What you have to do is again, you want
to have your machine that you're using
and you go over to openclaw.ai AI and
quick start. If you're on a Mac OS, you
can actually just download it right here
or you type this into the command line.
Now, you're going to have to use the
command line. What is the command line?
It's like the old school DOSS terminal
is what it is. And so, there is some
access and things like that that you're
going to need to have and some technical
skills that you're going to need to
have, but overall being able to use
these tools is just incredible. And what
I've done is this.
I've stopped having to learn how
everything works. I just ask my agent to
go read the documentation and figure it
out. I ask my agents to go figure out
how to do things. And then I help direct
them and guide them and and and and keep
them moving forward to help them build
stuff that they're wanting to build. I
give them access to a GitHub account
that they can push things to for their
own projects. They can't push my own
projects, but they can do on their own
projects. They actually walk me through
the process of setting up Slack. Okay,
where do I need to go to click on
things? What? And then I tell them, can
you go click on this yourself? Can you
go do this yourself? And it says, sure,
I can. Now, some things like the
internet is not necessarily built, the
internet has actually been built where
it doesn't work best for agents like
this. And that's one of the things it
still needs like a human to go in and
click certain things um on certain
websites, but it can do most of the
stuff that you want to do. And then
outside of that, um, it will say like
I'll say, "Hey, can you open the window
up on my computer?" It'll open up a
crown a Chrome browser automatically.
It'll go to the website and tell me,
"Okay, click that button right there.
Type this in and then press run." It
literally just did that for me this
morning because it was having trouble
being able to do that on its own for
whatever reason. Maybe the website was
blocking it. And so
I'm able to then interface with it and
say, "Okay, I did this. I did that." and
I'm able to kind of be a human in the
loop that helps it do what it needs to
do to get stuff accomplished. It knows
what my goals are. Has all of my
business content loaded into it. Has all
the trainings that I've done. It has all
the goals and resources and things that
I've created in my business to be able
to create the kind of stuff that it
wants to that it wants to create. And
it's not necessarily coming up with
ideas and doing stuff autonomously on
its own. I'm directing everything. We
created a project management system with
my agents where it manages projects.
There's a number of different tools that
it's actually created. I actually have a
list of them here on my uh MacBook Air.
I want to pull this up here just so you
can kind of see it. What I did was I had
it create this whole thing. It's called
CL Claude tools. And so like one of them
is a uh a canban board where I can I can
log in and I can kind of see what this
looks like.
Let me see
here.
Okay, I created an account.
And so then what this gives me access to
see is this is a project management
system board that my agents actually
created that shows me what are they
working on, who's taking over certain
projects, things like that. What's in
the pipeline that we're working on,
different things that we've discussed to
work on, different assignees, and all of
this that are in here.
Um, what are some other tools that it's
created for me? Uh, let's see. A daily
dashboard. I can see a daily dashboard
for my business of all the different
stuff that helps me in my business. I
can see a dashboard for one of my helper
agents. I have this thing called agent
desk, transcript flow, script generator,
content calendar generator, transcript
flow. I have one that writes emails, uh,
one that does checkout sequences in my
business. I have uh a version of chat
GPT that I created that has different AI
agents in them. I have an advertisement
generator bot where I can generate ads
and things like that for my business.
This one's actually really cool. We
generated lots of different ads in one
sequence for different different clients
and projects and stuff like that.
And so
the possibilities are endless. These are
all the different software tools that my
agents created right there. The
possibilities are endless with this is
really with open claw and with these
agents like this. It's like I was able
to hire a not just a 14 person team but
a 50 person team, a 75 person team, a
hundred, a thousand person team even
eventually each agent can spin out sub
agents to do certain tasks. And because
they have superhuman intelligence,
literally the level of intelligence is a
PhD and higher level and it knows how to
do everything and it can research what
it doesn't know. I've given my agents
the ability they can go do deep research
across different platforms and bring all
the answers back together to learn
things, to learn new skills. I created a
mental health agent that actually learns
as I talk with it about my uh my life
and my my beliefs and feelings and and
helps me optimize myself to show up as a
more powerful version of myself overall.
And that's exactly what it does. It
helps me show up more confidently by
talking through what are my triggers and
things like that. and it remembers
everything. So, these agents are
lifechanging what they're able to do,
what they're able to create, and you're
able to set it up right now. They they
they've added in now new things like it
says OpenClaw partners with virus total
to look at skill security to make sure
that certain skills on the clawub
marketplace don't have viruses in them,
which is amazing. So now we can trust
that going to Clawhub, which has
different skills and things in it. You
know, I've avoided a lot of the skills
that are on Clawhub just because they've
been kind of dangerous, but now there's
all these different skills that they're
they're verified as virus free. They
don't have anything in them that's going
to necessarily hurt you or your or your
agents. And this adds new skills now
into your agent that it can do thousands
of different things for you and your
business. Right now, it's a little bit
the wild west, all of this. And that's
why like I'm I'm going over this. It's a
lot more disorganized than say we would
like it. Again, some of the best agent
tools that are out there right now that
are easy to use
are the following.
Lovable.dev. You can build any website
that you want, any idea, even apps with
lovable and it's built on Claude Opus
4.6. Highly recommend this to anybody of
any skill set. It works just like chat
GPT. You tell it what you want to build
and in one prompt, even the free version
can spin up really ridiculously high
quality versions of software and ideas
that you might have. Another one is
Manis.im.
Manis is an agent platform. It's owned
by Meta. And what it's able to do is
it's able to literally go out there. The
agents are able to go out there and just
create all kinds of different things.
Look at this. They just added this
persistent memory and computer to claim
your own agent. This is so cool. They
added in their own version of OpenClaw
into Manis. This is brand new. They just
added this. Oh, that's exciting. I'm
going to have to play with this. So, if
you want to even get started with agents
like this, they just added in this type
of thing right here into Manis as well
to have persistent memory and and a
computer that it can use to do different
stuff if you have a Manis account. I
don't know what the cost is on it, but
that's pretty cool. Uh, GenSpark AI.
This is another one, another agent
platform right here to be able to create
and do all kinds of different agentic
tasks. Claude uh has a platform called
Co-work as part of their system. It it
also is a piece of software that can do
a lot of stuff on your computer. It can
it can do different tasks for you on
your computer. Not quite as good as
OpenClaw, but it's amazing what it can
do. And so those are just some tools,
Manis, Lovable, GenSpark, or Claude
Co-work that you could do to kind of
play around with agents and agentic
skills that can do stuff and things like
that. I think the manis uh agent that
you can claim that has its own
persistent memory and computer basically
they're probably open sourcing openclaw
in some way to do this um is awesome. Um
but then getting your own open claw set
up on its own separate computer or
virtual server or things like that. I
I'm excited to be able to I want to set
some of these up for some people again.
Um leave a leave a comment. Go just join
the wait list. Go to
openclaw.jeremiahowski.com.
join the wait list for this to work with
me to have you set up your own agent and
things like that and then we can get
going and help you get started on these
different things like this. I'm excited
to show you how to do this, how this
works, and get things launched for you.
I think it's going to be incredible. All
right, we'll talk soon. Have a good one.